hello everyone welcome to hooplakidz
recipes today I am going to show you how
to make five little monkey cookies they
are so cute so let's get started for
this you're going to need 5 plain
biscuits some fondant icing black icing
sugar pink icing sugar we're also going
to need some edible eyes and yellow food
coloring so let's get started the first
thing we want to do is to add a little
bit of the yellow food dye to the icing
and stir
we want it to be bright and yellow
so the next thing we're going to do is
to ice our biscuits remember there are
five little monkeys so we need to have
five biscuits
now we're going to take our pink icing
and do some ears one two
because you wouldn't be a monkey if you
didn't have ears would you and finally
we're going to take the black icing and
do the edge of our monkeys face
go around the edge and then do the fur
we want the in den at the top of the
face and fill it in
so once you've done the peak of the fair
at the top of the head just neaten up
any edges with the black icing now it's
time for the finishing touches the eyes
you
cute
I've made sure that each of my monkey
has a different set of eyes
don't they look sweet and finally of
course we need to give them a mouth and
a nose to use the black icing to add the
final bits of detail
make sure that your mouth matches the
eyes what sort of expression to the I
say is your monkey happy or sad is he
grumpy let us know we'd love to see
pictures of your little monkey cookies
why don't you put them in the comment
box below don't forget to subscribe to
the channel above as well otherwise
you'll miss all our exciting videos
I think this one's my favorite and then
we have it perfect five little monkey
cookies so thank you very much for
watching hooplakidz recipes everyone if
you have enjoyed this video please do
let us know in the comment box below
because we love hearing for me don't
forget to subscribe to the channel above
and we'll see you again very soon thanks
for watching bye
you